hey are you doing this is Tobias white
with interracial love reality show check
out my interview with black press
radio.com hi this is your girl so
financial Flavor of Love girls Charm
School and you're listening to Black
Press radio.com this is mr. Boston from
vh1's I Love New York and check out my
interview at Black Press radio.com yo
this is ryan says check out my new
interview on bc lavas black radio com
hey whats up this is why from making a
great hug for muscle and if you want to
listen to my interview go to black press
radio AKA larissa laura from Flavor of
Love in Charm School check out my
interview on Black Press video.com press
magazine com I'm DC libraries well we're
following up on this story about the
interracial love reality show we've
still spoken already with Tobias white
and now we have on the line Tasha Jones
shoes off with a co-creator of the show
Tasha thanks for joining me thanks for
having me now listen I understand that
you're writing under Tasha what's your
roaming I'm crystal stroller Chris just
read okay so have you written shows
before or just tell us a little bit
about your background and how you got to
this point okay well my background is I
you know am a closet creative writer
I've never really stepped out there in
and tried to put my work out there on a
public level and so I just kind of took
a big chance and did some writings with
Tobias and we put it out there and it's
gotten a wonderful response my
background is nursing i am not a trained
writer I'm not a trained producer or
anything like that I am a military woman
you know I spent many years in the
military so this is definitely a new
arena / range okay so how did you and
Tobias come up with the idea to come up
with the interracial love show well
originally he you know was you know
fussing about how the women always
get dissed and you know that kind of
thing on the reality shows and the black
women always the first to go and you
always have your you know your one or
two black women and you know you get
this they get voted off first so I think
that you know it was the level of
frustration with that and you know
wanting to clean up reality TV and show
black women in a positive light now are
you a black woman oh yeah okay and are
you in an interracial relationship right
now no I'm not okay I live in Europe for
five five or six years five point five
and a half years and you know the
experience that I had with interracial
relationships and you know people just
loving who they love not because of skin
color but just because you know there is
a colorblind society over there and I
just really took note of that and said
you know what we in America need to take
note of that we shouldn't be bound by
well I want to stick to my race or you
know that kind of thing I think you know
we should be able to especially select
women you know we always want to you
know respect and you know we're holding
out for that one good brother that's
coming and so I think you know we need
to start opening up and just you know
keeping an open mind about you know who
we love okay so then it kind of
escalated to this really big situation
right now we're at some point there
became an option for it to be on vh1
talk a little bit about how that worked
out what happened was we were shopping
the show around and you know vh1 took an
interest and they fit the releases and
we signed them and sit back the
treatment for the show and a couple days
later we got a call saying it just
didn't fit what they were trying to
accomplish at vh1 and that was pretty
much you know the long and short of it
I had no idea that it had erupted into
this big deal until I was you know
called and you know told that it was
indeed talked about on Tom Joyner this
morning I had no idea so who was on Tom
Joyner some my husband I have no idea it
was just from what I heard I'm hearing
at second hand so I'm not even sure I
wasn't even listening this morning and
apparently a caller called in and talked
about the show I don't really know what
was said I don't want to be misquoted
and told me that it was the show with
talked about this morning on Tom Joyner
Morning Show so I don't have any details
of what said because I was not with me
ok I did briefly speak with Neil foot
and I mentioned this earlier when i
spoke with survive that I spoke with no
foot he is one of the people that does
public relations for the time during a
morning show he is of course going on
now and start his own firm his own
communications company but he kind of
indicated to me that there was a caller
and they talk with Tom and gave them
dealer and mentioned the two guys ready
speak to me and that's as much as I know
so I was just trying to get it above
that because I usually try to stay out
of those types of situations but you
know I did agree to do the interviews
but I was just you know I called them
actually to try to find out it's a new
more than I knew and also my
verification process well in that
process also i received a statement from
vh1 because i wanted to make sure that
they had a chance to speak about the
situation since their network was
mentioned and i got a response from them
so i want to read that to you now ok
great ok so what they're saying is vh1
receives hundreds of unsolicited ideas
for shows every week and has dozens of
original programs and development as is
often the case we immediately passed on
this pitch because it does not make
sense for the network at this time but
we are open as always
two ideas that fit and with our music
and pop-culture focus and that was from
Mara Wozniak she is the senior publicist
for visual and communications in their
new york office and that is that in
keeping with what you thought was
happening with vh1 well that is I have
to say that that is you know I was just
told i was given the statement that it
just wasn't in you know keeping with
what their programming you know it
didn't fit in with their programming so
you know you just have to take it for
what it is I didn't you know I made no
more no less of it and I went on you
know to the next person so then what's
the fuss if the h1 says it's not a new
fitting you guys are saying that well
you know that's too bad and we're moving
on why all the fuss I mean is it that
you're upset that vh1 did not pick up
the show or you are you actually on time
not one bit effect I think it's coming
more from a public outcry one of their
from what I understand if I'm like I
said I you know I've kind of been out of
pocket for personal reasons as we
discussed before and you know it showed
up on the internet I guess through one
of their assistants who said the real
reason they didn't pick up the show is
because you know the women weren't yet
oh it wasn't portraying black women as
yet oh and from that one comment and I
cannot confirm a tonight this is you
know on the internet I don't know who
wrote it